Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we are going to create the bottom navigation bar.
Okay, now know that to do this over this curious directory, we are going to need to create a new PHI
and we're going to call this Phi home on this screen.
And then there's texture.
Dot, dot.
Okay.
Now, we can just go ahead.
I use this table as we did.
And since we can later change the set for widgets if the needs arises.
Okay, as well, we can call this the screen.
Then over here you're going need to add light and use controlled dots in order to import the material
that that package.
Okay.
Now, in know that's a have access to lots of property.
What we can do is get rid of this container and then use it scaffold widgets.
Okay.
Great.
Now what we can also do is when the user clicks on this button, if no errors, then we want to be able
to navigate to user to this on screen.
Okay.
Now to do this, we're gonna need to go to the login screen and after this all, we just have to say
so after this.
All we just have to see is.
Over here.
We can then see.
Now the gates are.
Thoughts off contest.
The off contest is deferring to our current position and currently we are in the login screen.
Okay.
And.
That's push.
Okay.
We want to be able to push these over to the next page.
And this is going to be something like this, Matt.
Syria.
Matt Syria.
Matt See we are page roots okay as well.
This is no taking contest and we can specify the type is a type of beauty contest.
Okay, Michelle, give you a space.
We can just use control and B to make this way.
Okay.
In the way.
Contest.
Sorry.
Okay.
This.
And over here we need to say written home screen.
Okay.
Now, how to start this?
Hotz, we start this.
And.
You're going to need to wait for this.
Okay.
And now let's give it a try.
Now let's click on this.
Okay, look on this.
Okay.
You can see we are currently in the home screen.
Right.
Okay.
Now to make sure is walk in.
Over the onscreen.
So.
Well that we can just out of the body and then a center with jets, which is gorgeous, which is just
going to stay home.
Smokescreen.
Okay.
So the sense I would get is going to take what's under the widgets is going to be a chart and test widgets,
everything.
Penny Flutter is referred to as widgets, right?
So it is since our widgets scaffold widgets as we did and so on.
So this is going to be home screen and the value I just say that we want to send to this.
This test.
We just because they just do something like this.
Something like this, right?
I can't.
So I guess they once they sent out this test, we get out of the arts.
So he is controlling this acerbic history.
I think we need to click this Mickey Casey on the screen.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Now, like I said, it's in this lecture.
We're going to create the bottom navigation bar.
Right.
Okay, so now we take the scaffold.
The scaffold has a property known as bottom navigation bar.
And this is going to be bottom.
Navigation bar as well.
Okay.
The boss of Navigation Bar has a property known as I-10, which is going to be a list of what's on that
sugar.
Okay.
That is how many bottom navigation bar we need.
So it's going to be a list of bottom.
But navigation bar soy bottle addition bar I-10 look for the icons have it's poured over so I'm not
going to forget okay the first is going to be words icons does comment on the scope bank.
Okay.
I call widgets.
Right.
And then I cause the comments.
What is called bunk.
B and K and as well.
It's housed in labor and.
Okay.
Liver is what's meat and chat.
Meet.
And.
Chat.
Okay.
Now, if you save this, now you're going to get an error because it expects to add more item.
So what we can do is we can use concurrency.
And here's this.
Okay.
One more time.
And use control and excessive and go check it out.
Okay.
I can see to that.
Right.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can then change the icons.
For each of them.
And the second check.
The second is going to be what?
Okay, I close the clock.
Clock, and Olivia is meeting.
I close that lock.
Lock.
Okay.
I closed that lock.
This clock.
Okay.
And the labor is muted.
The third is words that had this person on this call at mine and contacts.
Okay.
Version of the score outlined in.
Cornstarch.
Hon.
Can't touch.
Okay.
I'm just going to check the spelling out.
A key contact for the.
Okay.
Or I can just do so for that.
Yes.
I have to copy this and.
Then paste.
Okay.
And the third is what?
The city's hotline.
Okay.
I calls.
That said, since.
I'll just call up and.
This is going to be what's.
Searches.
Okay.
I think we have.
One more.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Now, what we can also do is over here.
We can just add that you come over here.
How did you come over here?
And over year and year.
You know, that's not a good format.
Okay.
Now, this property, this items has something on us.
So let's add.
So over here it does a property known as, let's say, let's add item color.
So you can see colors.
That's gray, I think.
I think I use Korea.
So okay.
So so that it it's in color.
It's going to be white.
Okay.
That is the bottom bar that is selected and the all selected is going to be.
On selected item icon.
Item color is going to be colors that gray.
Okay.
Gray auditory coma and use control and excessive.
Lucky Casey.
The fourth.
The first is going to be selected and that is why it is white and the rest are not going to be selected.
And what we also have over here is.
Over here, we are saying the background color should be the foot color, the model for the color we
have that's in the we have that in the I think the course.
Sorry to call us Fi.
Okay.
Check it out.
And lastly.
We have over.
Okay.
Well, forget today.
Okay, great.
So this is basically how to create bottom out of number of I.
Yeah, I told you, the scaffold has a property.
No.
What's bottom navigation bar.
And over here we are saying bottom navigation bar.
Right.
And in the selected item, that is the item that is selected for the.
Now we have one, two, two, four.
Right.
So therefore the first is going to be selected and that is why it's the color of whites and the onset.
It's it is going to be gray because it is not selected.
Right.
And this are the items.
The first item.
The first item we have is the meet and chat and the icon for it is the comments bank.
And the second is this.
So this how easy.
So create a bottom navigation bar.
Now already have all this lectures already so you can easily just go to by I think is way to zoomed.
So that's why we're making them.
So I already have it uploaded on Udemy.
Right.
Okay.
So this is how easy it is.
Okay, guys, send in this picture.